Update vagrant cloud notice to hcp vagrant (#13542)
hashicorp/vagrant: website/content/vagrant-cloud/boxes/catalog.mdx

# Discovering Vagrant Boxes

@include 'vagrant-cloud-deprecation.mdx'

> Vagrant Cloud serves a public, searchable index of Vagrant boxes. It's easy to find

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HCP Vagrant Registry serves a public, searchable index of Vagrant boxes. It's easy to find
```

All of this content should still apply to the new service.
